Let us take the previous code and modify it.
So this is the code for printing all the paths
in the given binary tree.
But for this problem we only need to print the
paths who sum value is equal to the given
sum value.
So in the print paths function receive the sum argument
and pass it to the print paths recursive function
and in each iteration while adding the node into the array
We need to subtract the node value from the given sum value.
So write int new sum equal to
sum - root->data and then while checking the leaf node case
we also need to check the new sum value
is zero. If we reach the leaf node with new
sum value as zero, we have found a path with
the given sum value so we can print it
Otherwise we can skip it.
So we need to add the new sum value
check case in the if condition. So write new sum equal
to equal to zero expression before the leaf node checking
case
And finally in all the recursive calls, we need to
pass the new sum value as another argument so include it. And that's it.